The missing link: explaining ELF static linking, semantically
================================================================================

This is the supplementary material of the above-mentioned paper.

The material is divided in two:

  * The original Lem model sources in the files and directories under `src`,
  * The generated Isabelle theory files from these Lem sources in the files
    under `auto_generated/isabelle`.

The Lem files are generally well-commented and the titles are generally self-
explanatory.  The file `elf_header.lem` contains definitions and types relating
to the ELF file header, whereas `elf_program_header_table.lem` contains
definitions and types relating to the ELF program header table, for example.

The subdirectories in `abis` contain material specific to the platform ABIs that
we have formalised (AARCH64, AMD64, Power64 and X86).  The material in `adaptors`
contains utility files for interfacing the ELF model with other tools (e.g.
ppcmem2 in `sail_interface.lem`).  The files in `gnu_extensions` relate to the
GNU extensions.

The Isabelle files (compiled and tested as working for Isabelle 2015) have been
anonymised as the import statements contained harcoded links to files on one of
the authors' machines and are therefore not going to work correctly in Isabelle
as-is.

Termination proofs are spread between the "auxiliary" files in the `isabelle`
directory (these simple termination proofs were automatically generated by Lem)
and the file `Elf_Termination.thy` which contains a large number of hand written
proofs and lemmas needed for these.  The file `Elf_Roundtrip_Proofs.thy` also
contains a small number of hand-written exploratory lemmas showing various
roundtripping properties for parsing and blitting functions.
